# DS425: Reinforcement Learning with Temporal Difference Learning

This repository contains a reinforcement learning project where an agent is created using the temporal difference learning method. The environment used for this project is the Blackjack-v0 simulation environment provided by OpenAI Gym.

## Installation
To run this project, first, you need to install the required packages. You can do this by running the following commands in your terminal:

pip install -r requirements.txt

## Requirements
- numpy==1.21.0
- matplotlib==3.4.2
- gym==0.18.0
- pandas==1.2.5
- tqdm==4.61.1

## Project Structure
The project is organized into the following directories:

- src: Contains the main Python files and one MATLAB script for the project.
  - Main.ipynb: Implements the main program for training and evaluating the agent.
  - Test_hyperparams.ipynb: Tests different hyperparameters to find optimal values.
  - Test_params.ipynb: Tests different parameters to analyze their impact on the agent's performance.
  - Comparison.ipynb: Compares the performance of the agent with other strategies.
  - Comparison_plots.m: Generates comparison plots using the saved data.
- data: Contains the Q-tables and win rates data for representing the results.
- output: Contains figures generated by the Python scripts.



##  Paper and Authors
The paper presenting the program and results can be found in the repository as well, titled DS425_Reinforcement_learning_assignment.pdf. This project was made by R. Callens and J. Weemaes.
Every author had the same amount of added value to the project, so there is now 'who did what'-list. We worked together on everything.

## Usage
To run the project, execute the Main.ipynb file using Jupyter Notebook or any compatible environment. Modify the code to experiment with different hyperparameters and parameters.

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this project, please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.
